Getting Started with Form (#1485)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Form/01 Getting Started with Form/80 Submit the Form.md

> To submit a form, add the [Button Item](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/ButtonItem/) and set the [useSubmitBehavior](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#useSubmitBehavior) property to **true**. The Form can be submitted to a server only when all the validation checks pass successfully. 

Reviewer: Let's add info about the `validate()` method here.

> To submit a form, add the [Button Item](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/ButtonItem/) and set the [useSubmitBehavior](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#useSubmitBehavior) property to **true**. The Form can be submitted to a server only when all the validation checks pass successfully. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To submit a form, add a [Button Item](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/ButtonItem/) and set its [useSubmitBehavior](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#useSubmitBehavior) property to **true**. The Form can be submitted to a server only if input validation is successful. 
```

> In this tutorial, we use the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope/setTimeout" target="_blank">setTimeout</a> function to emulate the form submission. The Form is wrapped in the HTML <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/form" target="_blank">form</a> element. We set the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event/preventDefault" target="_blank">preventDefault</a> property to **true** to override the HTML form submit event:

Reviewer 2: I don't understand why we want to show this here. Users will not need this in their applications, right?

Author: The reason is quite simple. The step when we submit the form is extremely important, and we have to show how to implement it. However, we cannot leave this event without something that indicates that we have successfully submitted the form. The easiest way to do this is to show alert window and emulate the delay that is usually caused by a server round trip. 

If you mean the second part about override - it is obligatory in the scenario when we use the useSubmitBehavior property.

Reviewer 2: It's just looks like we want people to read/learn/copy code that is only there to fake something. Why do they need to spend their time on that? It's probably better to skip this part if we cannot show the real thing. Or explain why we cannot show it. 

If it's a tutorial, I should follow the steps. But this step doesn't really help me in any way, as I see it. 

I mean you make a link to setTimeout and preventDefault - it's like you want people to learn about them, like they'll need to use those same things. So if you want to keep that part, maybe we need to minimize it:

  ```suggestion
The code below does show how to add a Submit button, but disables its default behavior. (To keep this tutorial simple, we didn't implement the backend, so there's no way to post data to a server.)  The example simply shows a fake confirmation message after a timeout:
```

Maybe something's not right in there, but you get the idea - feel free to update.

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {
        $("#form").dxForm({
            formData: {
                // ...
            },
            colCount: 2,
            items: [{
                itemType: "group",
                caption: "Personal Information",
                colCount: 2,
                items: [{
                    dataField: "name",
                    isRequired: "true"
                }, {
                    dataField: "officeNumber",
                    validationRules: [{
                        type: "numeric"
                    }] 
                }, {
                    dataField: "email",
                    validationRules: [{
                        type: "email"
                    }] 
                }]
            }, {
                itemType: "button",
                buttonOptions: {
                    text: "Submit the Form",
                    useSubmitBehavior: true
                }
            }]
        });

        $("#form-container").on("submit", function(e) {

>             setTimeout(function () { 

Reviewer: Let's validate the form here.

Author: Did I get it right and you suggest to replace the validation via the button's useSubmitBehavior with the validate() method?

To submit a form, add a [Button Item](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/ButtonItem/) and set its [useSubmitBehavior](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#useSubmitBehavior) property to **true**. The Form can be submitted to a server only if input validation is successful. 

The **useSubmitBehavior** property requires that you wrap the dxForm in the HTML <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/form" target="_blank">form</a> element. You should also set the <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event/preventDefault" target="_blank">preventDefault</a> property to **true** to override the HTML form submit event as shown in the code example.

> The code below shows how to add a submit button, but does not show how to implement the backend. The example displays a fake confirmation message after a timeout:

Reviewer 3: "a fake confirmation message" Why do you refer to it as **fake**?

Author: In real applications, a confirmation message (or an error message) is received from a server and depends on various conditions. It also takes some time to receive the server's response. The sample application described in this section just displays predefined message in one second after the click on the 'Submit' button regardless of any conditions.

Reviewer 3: I would mot use 'fake' in any context. 

```suggestion
The code below shows how to add a submit button, but does not show how to implement the backend. The example displays a confirmation message after the timeout:
```
